[Music]
Good night, good night, friend. How are you? Well,
nothing here at the hotel, dude. You're
tired. Hey, there's something going on or something there,
live life. Today they
're not separated
and it's been confirmed. Don't tell me, it's just that all
of a sudden a lot of people
on Twitter have come to attack me, man, like
tagging you and me, both of us,
like they don't understand. But I've been
live all afternoon with other topics and I'm
all freaked out and they must have brought up
something
that made me feel like Olga is very sad. Of
course, what came out before
was that they had destroyed a marriage.
No,
actually,
Antonio David hasn't confirmed any
separation.
[Music]
In the end, well, they'll know. Yeah, but
let's go, I know that they didn't break up on the
first day, which is what I'm
keeping myself there. They've broken up with me. They've
really broken up with me. They were
hitting me from all sides too. Every
time I say the same thing, but it's the
reality, it has to be by
force. They haven't brought out the magazine Reading
on the cover and now it has to be
confirmed by force.
You're on a set.  on a radio in a
talk show this the other is more comfortable And with the
flow
It's that it's for the convenience of many eh Don't
think that because you say no it means
you have to say no I'm going at
least the dishes that I'm on no but
but well that in other dishes in other
12 but he knows But what I already told you,
more comfortable for a collaborator who doesn't
have any type of information, let's
see, because maybe there I have more
information than others but one who doesn't
have information of any type the most
comfortable thing is to say Oh well, true that's
it because it's the current that is much
easier to go with the current than normally normally I
almost always go
against the current I don't know how I
manage but I am almost always going to
find I don't learn with the years
man if you have if you have a
job that depends on that
type of content and there is not much of a
market let's say many
jobs many chains and many places
where you can practice Well the truth is that
maybe many times he says
why would we go after a person I
'm talking to you because of beliefs
surely many colleagues who
don't have any information no  they know
if it's true or a lie that's the
easiest thing is true
spend the half hour or 15 minutes
with nobody, what happens is that in this
case well maybe I have a little
more information if they
tiptoe around the issue they don't tiptoe around
the issue until it changes
well Diego first of all congratulations I'm really
happy about how it's going for you on
YouTube I don't know if you're aware
of
No the truth is that I'm not aware look
today this morning I'm talking there with a
friend with a friend of mine who
also does a lot of things
on Catalan networks and he told me
but I don't know if you're aware but let's say it's
like
this no he's not one of those who works
behind the scenes yes
social networks
and he told me I don't know if you're
aware but that's going like a shot that's
going like a shot let's
see I'm doing it in the best
way that I know it's true that there's one
thing that I don't like about myself I'm
always very self-critical but but
not always in all jobs and in
this one there's one thing that I don't like and I get
angry with myself because it seems  that
is a single topic That's how Antonio David
Antonio David Antonio David because Well
for two weeks now what is being
talked about but well It's true that it has
been the news It's true that in the
end we had to talk about it but
my idea and
how I want the channel to be is to
cover all the topics and what happens is that
well It's true that right now I'm
only doing well only there are
weeks that I do more but very little it's
two live shows a week the truth is
because I don't have more time Yes it's that no
no for any other reason and well And in the
end you have to talk about what is
news and for me already part of friendships
apart from the fact that you might like him better But
I think that with the issue of Antonio
David Flores which was obligatory obligatory
especially those of us who have a little
more information and who know a
little more about what's going on
are obligated to do this type of
this type of live shows too It's true
that afterwards everything comes to you as if by itself
no because Well I already announced last week
that on Tuesday we weren't going to laugh
Because I knew more or less to be more or
less I'm not going to put myself here now of
rapel like I know what was going to happen it doesn't
matter because
more than three weeks and what are tests
of both separation and infidelity
not one of
course that's why I tell you no that I talk
to many colleagues with me for me and
the program sálvame continues with and I have
reached that cruising speed since
the cover came out coincidentally the
cover comes out and that same day they
lift the veto and we can talk
Antonio David it is a very curious thing it is
to reflect a little but
well let's leave it there I do not want to
get into puddles that do not
correspond to me But well it is a very
curious thing but it is
one day after another day after
another it is nonsense everything is
this desire and hatred and above all it is like something
personal Pig
Look there is one thing that I
have said that once or twice you have to imitate and I
say it for real and that it is not a question
of friendship or anything it is to be as
critical as possible with what you are
seeing not because of the situation that is being
experienced and if you start looking at
any television debate I will tell you
television because obviously
to those who are but on television I did
have the face of the people who go
against Antonio David Flores
98% if not to say 100% no But well
let's put 98% And that face of Hate
when they talk about him and when they
attack him I really After
many many years on
television I have never experienced anything
like it no no no no it is a personal issue now
against him things have to be done
by force
I no longer know what it is it
escapes me now really I think that
and look I'm telling you and it's not like that
because the truth is that nobody really
knows But I think it is It's
not even personal it's about putting on
medals everyone
gave it credit and I was in the hotel I
was in the hotel Getting ready to go on
television and I put it on in the background to
see what the latest news has been
but when I heard it No of
course about the posters because I
knew that story I've known that story
from the first
day but yes since  the news broke
the next day, I know
a little about that subject and I couldn't
believe what this woman was saying. I
say this because in our world,
we have many informants
today with social networks, really,
anyone can get in
touch with anyone, there's no need to
have a phone number. I receive
countless information on social networks,
but what good is that and I
think it's a great help for all of
us, but you always have to leave it in
quarantine and then you have to
investigate. They can give me a clue, they
can tell me, hey, Isabel
was in Almería or Isabel is
with someone else, for example, no, but then it's my
turn with my contact networks,
hey, with the experience and such, to
investigate that, to
go on television and give that news, be
careful. So to give that news,
an editorial team has been working since nine in the morning, they say
that they are maturing it, that
the videos are being prepared, that they are
preparing a message and maybe
with the impetus of such you can make a
mistake, no, there is no such thing there, there is nothing
improvised.
A question about that subject that I
wanted to ask you because of course they  I don't know if
you've noticed but with this
cartel thing they're starting to spread the
theory that any media outlet
and any journalist
can access judicial proceedings
but not a sentence or a ruling
which you know is given to you by one of
the parties. Yes, you can access
documents, you know
that in
the world if you never can, there are
great journalists and in Spain we have
very good journalists especially in the
area of ​​​​crimes that
everyone can imagine they have
access to because there is no secrecy of the
summary
because there is someone who has
always managed to get a contact now in the world
of the heart
since everything in this world is very
cold it is very In the end everyone, well,
well yes, the world of the heart to
entertain you but very few can have
contacts of that type, that type that
can be achieved maybe a
colleague has a contact, a cousin, a
brother-in-law, I don't know what who works in a
court and that, well, I'm not going to
tell you no, I'm not going to tell you yes either,
but legally Diego, I say
legally, that's not like that, no,
that's illegal, of course, or rather, one
thing that one thing  that one of the parties gives
you a car or the sentence when there is already a
sentence
is also illegal because when you
sign or when you sign in this case
your representative signs,
okay, the one who has the representation of you
for that cause that they sign and they, they
are aware that this cannot be
leaked in a place that it is true that
we have been accustomed for
many years to
police investigations being leaked, etc.,
etc. the police are very angry,
a lot that the police get angry because But
not for nothing but imagine that you are
investigating something and it appears in the press
what may be allegedly
involved. In any case, they can
make evidence disappear if they go with
notice, that
happens, that happens today, it happens Yes,
but legally, as they are trying to
sow, not
legally, Antonio David, when he
responds or when he responds more in
depth with everything that has been brought out
in the documentary, for example, the part
of the reports that Rocío
Carrasco shows, although he is part of that
process and has them, he cannot show
her medical reports,
he can show cars. Of
course, but it is not possible, it is
very  What happens is that in
practice it is not like that because you pick up
a newspaper right now and maybe not today
but yesterday they surely published something a
sentence of I don't know what or a
judicial process yes they do it are the Witnesses how about that
happens why because in the end there are
many people involved In the end
and then the police is that they do not have They do
not have enough personnel to be able to
investigate all these cases it
can be proven if they obtained it
illegally and then maybe they are
convicted they are more interested in having gotten
the exclusive of the conviction effectively
So in the end we are
used to this especially in the press in
the press as I say in quotation marks
serious not the serious press is
our daily bread if half of a
newspaper or if not half of
twenty-five percent is all
judicial issues and leaks from one side
interested on the other side interested in the
end each one moves their pieces
in the world of the heart
really that very few colleagues
can have contact of that type it may
be a coincidence that a
coincidence is still that you have a
friend
Maybe or a friend of a criminal offense
that eh but of course but that is not  They
normally dare, they don't dare
anyone, it's assumed that someone who works in a
court knows what is legal, what is
legal and knows perfectly well that they have to
keep those documents, not investigations, completely secret,
but what we're getting at is, I always say the
same thing: a journalist, it doesn't matter, a
collaborator, it doesn't matter, it's a person who
has a responsibility, who
sits on a plate, so that two,
three, four, ten million people can see you. If
you have a responsibility, you
have a responsibility, whether you have
journalism studies or not, I
always say if you have them, even worse
because you have studied them and if you don't
have them, you must learn them before
sitting there, there are limits and above
all, above all, there is a responsibility, there is a
responsibility, one cannot,
but his name is Antonio David or his name is
Tepito de los palotes, I
repeat it again, one cannot systematically
destroy a person with many
lies because, look, if it's true
afterwards, hey, if they are leaks that
are not legal or they are such and such, well, Antonio
David, in this case, he will be able to report it, he will be
able to win, or in four or five,
six or seven years, hey, he will be able to have a
sentence in his favor, perfect.
How do you restore a person's honor?
I always say it when they
denounce us the belief of the heart is
a lot of complaints for the right to honor
not the right to honor and and then it
makes me laugh a lot Because later in
the trial the lawyer says no
well the sentence we requested is
60,000 euros I say so you are
putting a price on your honor I mean the
problem is not 60,000 euros is
going to you 60,000 euros it is going to you maybe
if you condemn a producer or
something like that like a physical person a
collaborator the sentences are 5,000
10,000 Esteban telling them
the issue of when one enters the game You
never know how it will turn out no that is
clear
in the world Bye and you come out with a little package
that you do not and then what you think
is more complicated and that to prove
your innocence in the end is the easiest no
and in the end the people have Of course but that
was what I go no honor there are no
prices there is no price I that is not that
this man more asphalted honor I
ask of you  50,000
euros and I'll repair your honor
and if it takes five years there will always
be a part of the audience that has been
left with the bad
not only that today with the digital age we
live in it is very difficult because if you
have no memory the internet will remind you it is that it will
remind you if
you put the names of people who have been
found innocent I am talking to you about
important trials with
important sentences and who have been found innocent and
you put the name of that person and to
this day I am still talking to you
maybe about things from six seven eight ten
years ago and still today the
guilty party is found or the trial of the murderer is that in
some cases they do not even name the suspect Yes yes yes it is
crazy no then the honor
Who repairs the honor the honor that I
give you money and you already have the honor no let's see
the honor when they crush it at that at that
level at that level that was what I
go to is at that level it is brutal because
you can be a better worse person you can be
better
but I believe that absolutely
no one deserves but no one deserves what
this man is going through and without the
right to reply
because it is Antonio  David because we are
talking about this but
because I have never experienced this, I have never seen this, I have
never experienced this
madness,
continuous pounding, it is continuous and without limits, there are
no limits, so I say, well here
justice, justice is worth it, it is very
good, you complain and in eight years you will
tell yourself if you are right or not, in
eight years
yes, I believe that this thing about the
documents that they are trying to plant,
that anyone can do to the
documents, they are starting to plant it
Diego, because of the issue of the document, this
document that Rocío
Carrasco supposedly presented about Ortega Cano,
there is one thing that is very important,
the lawyer that Gloria Camila has is
one of the best, he is a marginalist of
criminal lawyers that there is in Spain
and I was left the other day with some
words that he gave at the end of the
bite because we are going to fight and we are
going to be very on top of this, I
tell you that there, be careful, there, be careful, they have
made a very good move.
But be
careful, eh, this is not all to eat
and he knows perfectly well how he has to, what
happens is that, well, in the end, this
is like everything, like everything, that is, in the end, that it
can be leaked, well, they have
done very  good play so far the
second season and as they have
limited it let's say at least
the second season is going to work Yes or yes yes
but maybe they had
something planned and they can't release it
lately
[Applause]
some colleagues
saying things that well maybe
this won't work maybe they are not
going to put it maybe
the first one is going to be done in another way that
different way quite
different way than the first because
the themes are other types of themes
that is the first where do you think they are going to
go in this second dose
Yes but in what sense in leaving them For
example I have the theory that Ortega
has Ortega has all the
ballots that Ortega is going to be carded
that's what I'm going to tell you I
have the theory that they are going to go for
her part of course since the
family has been more on Antonio
David's side than hers well but she doesn't eat
dog and Ortega they are going to label her
too that's what I believe
[Music]
yes for having spoken no
because maybe they won't go in that order
but I do tell you that those that are going to come out
more  they're going to get caught for sure because in the end
[Music]
you can imagine it others don't others don't
know where they're going to go they know they're going to end up
that they're going to end up badly but they don't
even know where of course
now that this is going to work of
course we're waiting or for better
or for worse We're waiting to see
what they come out to see what Of course that but as
the first one is going to blow up the same
[Music]
it's a are barbarities barbarities
nowadays but and the second one I think it's going to
be at that level more or less It's true
that they're going to be much more careful in
the matter of possible lawsuits of possible
you can practically understand how Antonio David is still alive and I tell you literally after this I think he's left his ass more and his skin even thicker because after this If they haven't been able to with you now what comes to you [Music] they I from what I see eh the analysis I
don't have any information there but the
analysis that I make of Antonio David is
how they haven't achieved on the one hand they have
managed to put a label on him
what they never imagined
is  so many people who were going to be in
favor and look at the channel when I
receive the calls and such everyone
says it, it's not that they are in favor of
Antonio David, it's not that they are in favor of the
man
more than in favor of the man against
what they have done
and people of all ideologies eh people
of all kinds of sticks
in parallel movement of support Antonio
David did not expect that either It is
true that in the first in the first
in the first docuseries this
many, many, but very, very
much
what is happening now if they have
been giving information for three weeks
that is not real it
is the [ __ ] reality it is like that you
create a reputation that creates your
trust of course and in the end it is a
double-edged sword because they have done it to give it over
there to give it a finish and it has
turned around Why have they made a mess is that I do not
know why they have gotten carried away
without suddenly they must have seen some
form of passive reward
asking them to support the cover if the same
magazine that supported it
to the friends you have to support the
cover you have to support the cover
from then until today that's
all  everything everything everything contradictory that
But well not contradictory I would tell you
that 80% is a lie it's not that there is
nothing It's that it's all smoke They wait all
afternoon today I don't know who is coming But what are they
going to tell what are they going to
teach
you do it with a script No if you have
in mind what you want to achieve
but what you can't imagine is that maybe
that script that you have halfway
through turns against you And that
's what happened to him that's what
happened to him and they didn't expect Why well
I don't know if it's because they don't have it
well controlled because they don't have it well
outlined because here everyone goes
run run that I catch you and I say the
biggest barbarity in the world it's like you throw your
life away here there are no
limits
everything everything everything everything everything and that yes that
is a reality everyone is not going to be
able to denounce it no
impossible no because they are going to condemn him in
Costa many times because he is also a
character who has also lent himself to
that type of programs let's say he has
also
belonged to this world Antonio
David ha  played has his life Yes yes okay
very well but it is one thing but it is not the
same It is not the same the best but not the
same Maybe Diego who denounces
Antonio David that if maybe it
happened to you Thank you of course it is not the
same
Well in those cases okay But
when information is a lie You
always win it does not matter that you have
sold your life if it is
but it has it you want it not to be taken
into account maybe like less weight
like what happened to Pepa Jiménez you know that
case of the right
in the sentence of the trial this one that
has won not the first No of the
dismissal yes appropriate
does a great favor the brutal sentence
you have to go by here yes he has been
very lucky eh
apart from that he is right of course
but there is one thing Javi I don't know if it
happens to you but it happens to me Look there is
one thing that is brutal, that has never happened to me
in my life in the world
of television, in my life it has
happened to me I walk down the street
and there is absolutely nobody who
goes in favor of Rocío Carrasco
nobody it
happens to me more or less the same
here we see it  on the networks Diego I mean
you just have to look at YouTube channels
that are For or against and there you
see it On the networks you see
people who have been mistreated
that woman
Salamanca in a good position such And she
told me that she felt sorry for me
I was going to dinner with some
colleagues and in the end I stayed outside
so 20 or 30 minutes talking to her I
started to cry Diego it
was incredible and she and she told me
Diego This can't be it can't
be There are many contradictions
and they feel insulted right
and it feels insulted
well enjoy it feels like they are being
disrespected
name
so that's why I tell you that in the
end there is a parallel movement here and
that is worth it in society well
in societies for them to go so
that they can grow there have to be
debates debates are mandatory Of
course Look is that you have
realized that even they would have that it cannot be it
is the single thought of course what we
cannot allow is that they
themselves would have gained more audience and
would have lost less audience if they
had allowed the debate but of course they have
not allowed the debate but  The
most logical thing would have gained more
credibility and more audience, so many
people wouldn't have left if they had
allowed it, but of course, as it seems to be
grass, it has been
real and I don't, I can't understand it
because I don't. I consider that
the people who have done all
this and who have made the documentary are short-sighted, it is
brutal, it is very well done, yes, at the
level of films and
sound production, it is an outrage, it is not
a film, not a good film, it is
perhaps capable of achieving what
this one has achieved. Any viewer who does
not go further is seeing it
superficially and it slips it in.
Very well done, very well lit, very well
done, everything is very good. Now there is
a part that I did not control and
what I do not understand is with this time bomb that they
had because in the end it is
still a time bomb with all that
nonsense that was said in the
chapters that we have already seen, how they did
not have in mind how they were going to
act afterwards
because everything has gone like a mad dash,
done Antonio David when they see that the
people then now okay, I have thrown it out And
now what do I do now I do not speak, I do not
speak, I do not speak while I
speak the name  yes
the name is totally prohibited and now it would be the
same
or maybe a little more because I have
analyzed it for a while no then that's why I
tell you that it surprises me there are
things here that escape me and I
tell you the truth and I try to
analyze it I try to
find the explanation and I can't
find it you have made
beginner's mistakes it's not that even now the
statements that Antonio makes I saw
on his YouTube channel they are
also commenting on them when Look at everything when we
made it clear to him when we did the
interview after the documentary that
he wants it that it was not more expected than
now that
at first they asked us for the images
permission then in the end it was decided not to
talk about the subject at all and now suddenly
yes there is a fact that is much more
but much more scandalous when
Olga wins when Olga wins enough if they did
n't name her at any time
yes total So why this change of
criteria Why when the cover comes out you
can already talk but it's not that you
can talk you shouldn't speak badly
for balls ollita has known something about
Jesús Manuel
about Jesús Manuel has known something no no no no no it has not
come out no and those things  I'll
call him next week, but I'll
call him to see this one, but he's not
going to know anything either, maybe they just have
n't called him. That's it, wouldn't it
be Jesus,
more or less the trajectory of how it's
been these last few months? But well, it does
n't
surprise me or surprise me
that Kiko Matamoros doesn't sit down
with Carlota, if
Miguel Frienti himself acknowledged that he was
staggering to get them to call him more days, that's what
they're saying that they have it. Of
course, but look, be careful because
that's a reading in favor of the
producers in what sense because of course
that's in their favor because there,
saying
to me they've told me that if I speak badly of
this man or in favor of the other person,
I'm going to come more. No,
he has proven it firsthand, he
comes to that conclusion, but man,
in favor of Pepito, they
call each other again here, fools, fools,
fools. It's also like proof that
among themselves they know that they have to
follow that path. Of course, well, he
declared,
for example, and twice a week, and
for taking the position of going against,
for not putting Antonio David and Rocío,
you'll find
very few.  There are those who haven't done it,
very few, that's what I was
telling you at the beginning, it's much easier to
go with the flow,
against the flow, but not in the
television issue, not in everything in life, in
life it's much easier to go with the flow, which would go
against the flow, it has always been
easier, of course, you get a fine and you
don't agree with the fine that
the municipal police officer gave you
and you resort
to fighting for even if it's 20 euros, it doesn't matter
because I'm not going to confirm and there are
people who give you the fine, they know
that they shouldn't have given you the
fine but they keep quiet why because they go with the
flow, I prefer to
keep quiet, I pay the 20 euros which aren't
going to cost much either, and well, and I go on with my
life, that's what I'm telling you, going with
or against the flow. Hey, you run into each other in the
hallways, maybe you run
into Carlota Correderas,
Jorge,
no. Well, I might run into Jorge
at any given moment. Because if I eat
today, Saturday and Sunday,
the electricity presentation and well, I can
run into him. Sometimes I run
into someone since  light but
normally I don't run into anyone
because I enter through another corridor and they are
usually in the dressing rooms at the time I leave. Have you
had any
awkward moments? Not at the moment,
because I am a person who also you don't
know what
I always, well I don't always tell the
truth. But I have learned over the years, I have
learned. It's good that by not paying attention to them.
Yes, but maybe you don't but
maybe they you know. No, maybe
they knowing that you are on YouTube and
your opinions and so on. No, no, let's
see, I think I think I'm
doing it, especially the YouTube thing, I
'm doing it with a lot of tact,
a lot of tact. I don't want to, I don't want to.
I'm telling the truth as it is. I'm telling the truth,
like it is, but I
'm doing it with a lot of tact. It's
true that they get angry, man, I like it. I know
that they are angry, I know that it's a
thorn in their side. Why? Because in the
end, I am there and I put it there. I am
my director, I am my producer, your
thing, my presenter. So of course,
in the end, with so many years that I have been
working, in the end, there is a lot of
information, a lot of videos,
a lot of photos that maybe in  your
moment well maybe a magazine
has bought it and hasn't published it for whatever
reason because a friend of the character or
because not well or because they haven't
published it and they know that I have that
photograph or that I have that audience
so Well there's always that That
fear but I said it I tell you eh
And I say it from here I take advantage of the
moment now that I'm not going to go with malice to
destroy anyone's work now
opinion
that last night last night on my channel I tell about the
Kiko Hernández issue about the
ghost the other the other I could be
much more cruel Of course it could be
but much more with him I mean they could be
worse with that
much more cruel but much more
but I think it's unnecessary to say what
I do want is that word that you
use a lot not on YouTube it's used a
lot
The truth is it does
involve dismantling someone Hey well look
on the way
what theory do you have with the thing with the
ghost Well I've been watching you I've
been watching the most important parts
of your live shows the theory the
theory is very clear
the theory I have it increasingly clearer
maybe to
introduce it to the whole public
it's a  very delicate subject
when We continue
here with the car that they have me in
the police I stay in the police they
escaped there because I
Then I have to go to court too such that I take a little while not without arriving that is why the direct after I do it a little later that day but when they already call me that those who followed her and tell me hey in such a place La Palmilla is
Malaga to me it already dawned on me without without
knowing any information to me
the light bulb went on look here Bad
thing And so that's why yesterday I wanted to
illustrate a little and well put
press clippings so that people who do not know
what La Palmilla is get a reference if
La Palmilla is one of the neighborhoods apart
from those of the most dangerous in Malaga
for economic reasons no machine does not enter
there a patrol car never enters alone
to enter the police there are at least
three or four cars Yes here is some
neighborhood
No not there Of course in some way no
but it is a neighborhood that I gave the example
yesterday I stand there at the door of
the supermarket for example and I
ask 20 people if any of them is the
cousin of  Julio Iglesias and I can
assure you that out of 20 people there are two who
say yes of course if I tell him I'm
going to talk to him 50 euros or 20 Yes also
in that neighborhood of drugs poverty and
extreme of course it
is very very difficult no but if I after
10 minutes of asking that
man is the cousin or that woman if he is
the cousin of
Julio Iglesias I say to him who is
the cousin of the
King of Spain and I tell you that they themselves
tell me I also do
not know if you realized the detail he does not
say no it is that of
course he has a gypsy family I do not know if the
father or mother is gypsy
of course I could have been very cruel there
yesterday Carrillo yesterday could have
perfectly put the images that we have
videos and photographs if they thought it could be done it
is not information it is my opinion I
believe that she is
not guilty of anything Of course the
need You
cannot release it not because she is an
anonymous person and for what not it is not because of
the problems that she may
have of course
explain elegantly elegantly to
everyone to the entire audience yesterday
why I respect this person because
I believe that this  person is not guilty
and I say this for real because when a
person is sick
there are many illnesses in life but
a sick person could be depressed or
could be an addiction problem it could
be I'm not saying specifically
Yes because we don't know
in the end he is not guilty I think he is
a person who well rather It's the
opposite but that low on
their part would be eh
that low on their part would be that
Well look it
could be a lot more blood But I
like to make it clear I think that they
were not even aware before going
down
[Music] I
tell you the truth they were not
really aware
of
what was happening there of this person of
who this person was
they were not aware I am
completely sure completely
sure and if it is not like that it is even worse than
I can think if it is like that
with the good intention of well
credibility everyone has given
credibility it is that
I believe that anyone I want
I believe that Anyone could call
right now and you are still involved with
Antonio David and it works is what
I always say these things you have to be
very careful but I believe
that from now on they are going to be
careful You think It is not the first eh
Diego no I believe that they are going to  be
careful But not for nothing but because they
can screw you over now but much more you
can make a lot bigger mess if they
do this very often or rather to
take it that anyone Now telling me that he
is your cousin your neighbor your partner and
tell any nonsense about any
famous And it is that he does not check or anything
come on Okay then come on That's why I
tell you because Hey maybe
this woman's last name is Flores
Yeah but Flores look at you
man in Seville and Malaga I tell you
that it doesn't make any sense so many and so many and so many
things and
last night I could have done a lot of damage
to this person and the most I said
Well that his name starts with M
because we know where he lives But how it remains
here it will not come out
and it is not necessary Neither do I think that
Hey and already the last topic Now I will and I will not
steal from you anymore what they are doing a
nonsense
that had me writing messages the
family also recently thanking me
to talk about the subject and so on it is with the
conjul uncle with Jesulín's girl I don't know
if you are burning
have you touched on it today
Yes today we touched on it because there is an
issue there for which  it looks very delicate very
delicate very delicate of her of the
boyfriends has had has gone through something for
which it looks very delicate I can't
tell you how dedicated because I don't know to be
honest
look
has debated the media harassment not
this media exposure of her the
cameras
really to none
with there are voices there are voices that say that
she wants to that she wants to
dedicate herself to the world of good of fashion of
this great well to be an influence No yes
now they are fashionable Yes of course she
has a lot of followers on
Instagram and such And then she is not
interested in not talking about her yes but
being a public figure but without going
into these paths of save me and upload and so
on that is very complicated you cannot
say up to here
how can you if you can
flirt with this world And when they have
wanted to stop Very few people have
achieved it yes it is difficult you have to
earn respect from the beginning
or you do like or you do like the one with
Belén Esteban my networks or anything outside
clear or they do not respect you
she has not said anything either She has not
said she has not complained publicly not
on the networks she has not posted anything
publicly
that  the media pressure is very
complicated and especially when you are 18
years old that must be a barbarity to
experience it first hand but we no longer
know to what extent
but if they
want to participate a little in this world
as the parents are but maybe they are
still in digital issues on
social networks So like this right now they are
not they are not differentiated and
right now they are all In the same bag no
So by being in the same bag in the
end there is confusion there is
no
magazine it is also a
confusion no because what do I do with this
person can I put her on the
cover I don't put her she will get
angry if I put her but these are
conversations that people believe are
not had by a magazine director but they do
eh When you choose the topic that
goes on the cover of the magazine and such
there is that discussion between editor in chief
between the director and so Hey what do we put
this but it's that we do not know if this
person is that nothing is known about her I
mean she never I mean she has never
shown herself neither in favor yes it is a Yes but it is
not a clear neither short but yes it
is true that man they have persecuted her
in his house you already know where
anyone from Madrid lives you already know where
their block lives But look at that
too there is one thing and it caught my
attention that's why it happened to me When
I did a live at the door
well what I said that house
Yes I
know I'm
used to that well We
shouldn't Take note and have an
agreement even if it's not written all the
press to not show Look formerly I
am speaking formerly
in that sense that when I there
jumped on me some colleagues and
well and people hear that is showing the
house the truth is that I became aware there
eh yes wait but it's that I became
aware
all my life but of course no no no but
every year there was an agency that
made the houses of the famous Yes and they were
photographed
they went to Malaga and all the houses of the
famous in Marbella then the thing in Madrid
then in the house of the famous in
Marbella the house of the famous and that you
go on the internet and surely there are
millions of photos but professionals of
the house of I don't know who the house of I don't know
how much
life
now I also tell you and there I
blame myself in the part that
touches me even if it is a  a little but well I
also have my share of blame it's
true that I have never stopped to think about
that if I have done it already because it was
something like that was normal
I explained it to you you saw it
shouldn't be like that I explained it to you you
saw it's not that there was someone else
who was explaining it to you
in a bad way and I say like that he's not
going to understand like you have to
explain things well because he comes from
another world in which he has made himself
in the gossip press all his life
Yes but of course it's that realize that
one of the most sought-after reports of the
summer
Marbella was always
being the first to show the house that he
had rented and knowing
imagine of course it
's like a very thing
Clear but because because
you have been around for many years and then
maybe at that time people weren't
aware but it's not the same
as now because you are not here now
anyone with Google Maps knows where
Julia lives knows where Julia lives
anyone knows then they are already
marking her house
I became aware of the atrocities that
we have done it's true that what you
say no but it's that in the past there was no
internet no  There was Google or anything
Diego, maybe you used to
stand at Julio Iglesias' door and
nobody could find that house no matter how much
you focused on it, it's
not like now, so those are things
that I've become
aware of in recent times and I say [ __ ] Look,
the other day when I was in the
house How do I do it? No, the
Antonio David house, there's nothing
open there because of course I can
focus on the house exactly but
come on, let's open the plan, we're going to
put four buildings there, there are
two types of buildings there, there's a lot of
that same one,
trying to remove a little bit of the
references, a little bit, man,
complicated view, you have to move, of
course. It
's true that something there
is complicated in the end for us, it's very
complicated And you'll see that on
television every day Yes, it is
done on the News in such and such In which it is a
professional training of
us all our lives and it's like
everything Well, it has always served, it has always
served But it's true and I am the first one there that we
go because
also everything, all the years that you have been
in the profession, well, it's not the same as
the time of Now that now you have a
contact, of course,
no and it has Now  you have more contact with
people know what people think they have
more before you who
had the analog audience counter like
much more I didn't know about
people's reaction what people thought
and even less me you realize that in the
world of the heart I who am a photographer
call it what you want
contact with the public really we have never
had No no never of course more than
the first one
recognizes you on the street
some can approach I do
n't know how much But it's true that now
having the channel it's crazy how
one can analyze
what people like Yes of course it's
totally different what they expect from
you what they don't like And that's very
positive why because in the end one
can make a program that is
moderately attractive for a lot of
people well I'm glad that he
understood it man let's see if let's see if more
people in your profession realize that that's why We would have to start
putting it in a
way we go one block
back or we already go to the
subway door those places yes it's
going to cost work
in a Revolution that is changing
absolutely everything absolutely everything I
mean the way of working the way of
exposing your  work the way to earn
money with your work if before
the possibility that we had was to sell it
to a magazine or two or three or a
billion magazines no yes yes it is an
international thing or to the entire world it is
worth very well but now
other sources of business are opening
that is the reality you
will see here there is a lot I think that
I think that in the end because you will have
realized that Mola be your own boss you do
not depend on a company
But me It is true that photography
right
Or I have a producer Or I have such that is
normal no but it is true that to me
personally the way I am the way I
handle myself the way people
know me from television that later
when they see me on my channel it has nothing to
do with it and that is true that
90% tell me and you like it more than yes Diego it
has nothing to do with it damn when they see you on
television I hate you and then
I see you on your channel Man And the thing is that I like it
phenomenally Well that one from the Channel is me I
think that in the end it will go more towards
here with us than there I
think I am passionate about it but I am
really passionate about it because I  I think there is a Let's
see it's a diamond for my thing
for my profession I'm talking about it's an
unpolished diamond I think that
very interesting things can be done I think that
insane things can be done I
mean people are going to love it and then
one very important thing is that
when I hit Play or I hit it
to go live they can see you
from any part of the world of course it's not
limited it's not limited you can't get that of
course through any other medium of course It's that you
know what has happened I mean these years Look
I've been here for six years on YouTube no And
yes it's true that there have been
famous people who when they
found out about these media where you
enter where you can try And where
such they have tried but they haven't
known how to focus for example Kiko Rivera I
would try it like three times and
what he starts to do he starts playing video games as if it were and auronplay and it's like no Quico you sell in what you sell of everything you want to touch on a subject and be the best touching on that subject I think that they are important but in
life in general too Yes work I
have everything I know but  it's not
because I had and I'm really telling you,
I had prepared a battery of
reports to put up to explain to
people how we did it the way we
did it but in the end
you have to dedicate a lot of time to current events but
well, you'll come another week, the best thing is to be
calmer, the one you say here I put
this you know that content you always have
there
what I see is that people like it,
people are comfortable, I'm comfortable,
I'm getting more and more comfortable And that's
a reality and if you see the first
live that I do, the last one has nothing to do with it
look now Antonio David Antonio
now the first videos seem like they
're stiff from seeing it on TV to
seeing it there like that, normal but it's normal
of course it's
different it has nothing to do with it but
I really don't name Look so you can
get an idea, the good thing is that
subscribers don't matter, you'll
realize that they don't matter to me and they don't matter,
people are subscribing but the
important thing is the views, the
viewers
20,000 people that you had last night that
's a top youtuber, a top streamer right now, I
mean, I usually have maybe a
day that there is a topic because I
am not focused on the heart, I
am touching on these topics as a result of
Antonio David, Big Brother, yes, I have
touched on them and so on because I have always
liked that, but my theme is gossip
like Salva but from youtubers, from people on the
internet. Maybe one night there is
a strong gossip of these powerful ones Maybe there
are 10 or 15 thousand viewers
But you, you just arrived
and I, maybe I am wrong, eh, you
say that I do not know, but I believe that
people are anxious, anxious to
know the truths. Yes, they really are
anxious, a lot of people have come because
of, because of
the documentary. Because it
is true that maybe, for example,
I touched on some of Salva's topics, for
example, last year when Jorge
Javier did the famous Rojo y Maricones, there
was a topic that he touched on because
I have always been very Gossipy and I have
always liked these topics, but there
was not such a big audience when I
touched on those topics, the audience was lower
than with any other video and
because of the docuseries, people
felt very  deceived and since
the pandemic no no this issue
of the heart this issue of the heart on
YouTube has been a serious game it's like
people have felt deceived and have
looked for other media where there is more
information than just staying
with what is that you realize that
the heart right now is only on
Telecinco yes there is Castilla de
mancha and that there are some programs in
other places but on large national networks like that one of
the first times I got into YouTube
was with my son no he is at an age
also
the same not creator of content of course
always
content but the fact is that I have spent my whole
life creating content
for third parties of
course it's another time what I want to
achieve let's see if I can and let's see if we are
lucky that I think that the way
everything is going I think that we are going to do it is
that on my channel it is
strong enough for that content that
before you saw it in an
exclusive magazine or on an
exclusive television that behind us we were that
nobody knew who had made this
video or who had taken that photograph
I am very specific occasions that made
exclusively on the channel I do not want that
I do not want my channel to be to
collect what
others Hey that  Yes, we have to
pick it up too because there is already a
report, we have to pick it up, but I
really want us to be the pioneers
in putting exclusives on the channel
and I think that is good for everyone,
for everyone, what we have to achieve is
that you want to achieve it. It is that in a
little while, when
YouTube channels get to have the same audience as
any
television channel, like one that has a
real television program, I tell you, I tell you
the truth, I think that if you
start adding up, you start adding up the
audience of the channels that talk about,
as you call it, the gossip of such and such, it
is far above many
regional programs. Yes, but I am
referring to the main ones. But be
careful with the budgets because with that
budget you can make a channel that will be a
worldwide hit. Yes, yes, yes,
in the end, be careful because YouTube is going
in a different direction, and I think that today,
taking advantage of, I don't know, I think that I have
come or I have arrived in this world that
is new to me, YouTube is totally
new with the experience of thirty-
something years working and having my
agency and such, and [ __ ] it, we are going to  try
among all that it is also a reference in
the world of the heart that for me it is very
interesting that a Javier a pest an
Antonio also comments on the things of the
heart Although at first maybe they do
not know the things that are behind
but for me it is quite valuable Yes of
course the
proper word for me is the same
that there is a lot behind I am Antonio
Because he still has us to give it a
go but if he proposes to give it a go to the
Channel in a plan constancy every day
like we are he can earn more
than what he earned in Sálvame that is why I
[Music] I
tell you truly
that they do not know
the ins and outs of this world I draw
many but many conclusions
than if they speak professional
because in the end a professional we are
tied in the end by our people
that is what I wanted to tell you of course
no it
is not the same nothing that you can have that
you do not have any eggs in this
basket
Of course it does not matter to me if I have to
go one way or another it does not matter to me
exactly
my freedom and I consider myself a
fairly free person to give my opinion and I
believe that everyone knows me because  I
think what I see at any given moment and I don't
hold back but it's true that maybe the
freedom that you have is a little more
many times the ignorance of a
character Not knowing from this
character Maybe your reflection is worth much more.
No, look at me, for example,
imagine if your program doesn't call me one day
and tells me that they want me to go on a Sunday,
I go without a problem. No, I have the
door open, everything except the factory
because that's already putting yourself in a hole,
you know, but for example, long live life,
I have no problem. I go just like I
went the other day to a program on
Toro TV without a problem but if tomorrow I
have to hit you hard and I have to give
an opinion that that producer is not interested in, I don't
care because I have my
YouTube channel, you know, like I do. That's why I
tell you like this, that
education and respect for all
people whether their name is Pepe, their name is
Antonio, their name is Javier or their name is
Diego, I believe that we have to respect
all people that's why I am so
heavy that I am very repetitive also
when I get down because I
get repetitive for me being
democratic is that, it is that everyone
can
Call me when I started with the Channel I had that doubt Hey open a line so I can call be careful with that eh a lot a lot they told me Hey Diego be careful yes yes it's that I think that's good too but there are a lot of crazy people on the internet You know
that there are a lot of crazy people on the internet that
can screw you up okay
the most that can happen to you It's that then it
makes you cut off the trophy later not
like on TV I say move forward in life I
think that that's also being modern to
have and accept criticism and accept the
Reproaches I think that all that is
positive now it's true that I am
very lucky that it seems that
this is under control and Hey that for me everyone who
calls me is for the best
One day someone will come in who puts their foot in it
my whole family will remember Hey well that's it we'll come
back absolutely nothing It's that
not everyone likes me
but the thing is that you can't expect
everyone to like me because that's
impossible and whoever wants to do it will
surely go bankrupt in any job
because you can't like
everyone no longer know how to take
criticism man that has been constructive
in a non-destructive way, not an
attack, be
polite, please be polite, you
can say whatever you want, of course, be
polite. Hey, see you on Saturday in
Malaga or what. Well, look, I have a
problem on Saturday because, let's see, on Saturday, it's
true you work, I didn't count on you, I didn't count on you, I counted on you, I haven't
fallen for it,
for me it's totally impossible, I think you don't have
time. I think
Antonio David is going to go down, I
think. Of course, I also see the possibility.
[Music]
Saturday, Of course, in first place it was a
Wednesday and let's go, I counted on you,
everyone else. It's true,
I say Wednesday,
a concentration is not normal because on a Wednesday at
the time they had scheduled it, people, hey, they
have children, they're working, it's
very rushed. It would have been
good if it had been
this Friday,
Friday, this Friday that happened
yesterday, it should have been faster, it had
n't occurred to me that on Saturday, well, I was
counting on you there, to see you, but anyway,
now tell me Who's from here, one of your people?
Yes, yes, the permit is coming and everything goes
down. No,
of course, I have it for two hours, come on,
man. I was going to ask you, let's
see how it went,
or you might hate it. Yeah, of course, I've never
done it.  I've never done it, I'll say that's why I
tell you that it can catch you or you can
hate it, the street is very different, the
street has a magic, the people are there,
but not for everyone, the street
because the street is not easy, the street is
much more complicated, it's in a
studio or it's in your office or it's there, if it
has nothing to do with it now and the technical aspect
too, man, the technical aspect is not the
same, maybe if you have a problem
on the street that arises here in the
studio, man.
But it's true that the street is such but it's
also true that if there are a lot of people
the coverage won't be as good, of course there are
mistakes, but people understand the
mistakes. I mean, in the end it's done with all
the good intentions, not bad ones, if it doesn't go
well, then I start recording instead of
broadcasting. I
have that problem, especially if I
have a follow-up, if I'm in the car, in the
end there comes a time when it
cuts out. There are some places where there's no
coverage and it cuts out, yeah. The other day I
passed it to you with the ghost, right?
In a demonstration of this type, recording
and then putting it on is not a bad idea.
Why? Well, because a demonstration of
this type can last a lot of
hours, maybe 3 hours.  I say it's three hours it
starts at one I don't know if it's two or three
so it starts at one at three you're
back you can broadcast it in the afternoon fine
tune more time because maybe
imagine Imagine if Antonio David goes
down at the end well in the end if you go at the
end well at the end of the three hours it becomes
four what will he
do Of course it will be logical but it's
a feeling and that's the most
similar thing to the press really yes what
you're going to do on Saturday is the most
similar thing it's the street I'm
used to working on the street
True it's true that all my life I've worked on
the street and it's the most similar thing and Hey you
feel a little thing that has nothing to do
look each one is used
to their no me you don't see me On YouTube we
released I don't know what the other day when they
invited me to this program El Toro TV
with Javier Negro Of course I had to be
with the earpiece when they let me in there
were three minutes counted by the clock
with the cue and I looked like a cardboard doll
super cut man
apart from that he's going to take you flying he's
going to take you flying you already you and you
just go down  you from YouTube or is there
someone else who is going to download
from YouTube So I know Yes I think
the others won't They will approach man this
man who is from Granada
surely if he passes by yes he will approach
but the others don't believe it there are
people who have it very comfortable
Yes I was counting on it I was counting on you I say already
there I will meet him there we will
see each other but it's true that it is Saturday man I
hadn't thought
or in my area yes we meet to eat at
least we laugh and do a live show there there we
already make a director yes yes yes yes
And also we have to do a
project I say We have to invent
something okay
Thank you very much
in the end I told you for a quarter of an hour
this morning
Thank you very much Diego as well
[Music]
so that it is easy to understand And that there
are not many journalists who know how to do it be
careful with thank you very much man
no no no
the respect is mutual I say You know that I am
very happy that it goes like this for you
I hope that it continues to break it much more and
man in the end I told you for a quarter of an
hour this morning and I have taken you off five
times
but well it has gone up alone Thank you very much
man
for you and  for everything for your whole life
Likewise uncle hug whether your house is
bye
[Music]